[MUSIC]
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: One more thing
that I do want to point out,
talking about kind of the self-contained
components, is View Encapsulation.
And so,
this allows us to to apply styles and
choose how we scope
them to our components.
So using ViewEncapsulation.None,
you create a style and
it's gonna just blow out images.
Just basically going to be applied
to everything dynamically.
If you use View.Encapsulation.Emulated,
actually, let me skip to native first,
so this is the default and
it's going to use Shadow DOM.
So when you create a style on your
component, it's only available to that
component and his children and
then ViewEncapsulation emulated is,
I haven't used this one.
Scott, do you know what this?
I haven't use emulated,
do you know what this does?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
It's default.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Is
this emulated default?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
It's a default.
So it just like adds like
cryptic characters to the.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Right, so we saw
that actually on the router outlet, or
rather the thing that was adding,
like when did this happen.
So.
>> Speaker 3: And
it sticks a style tag in the.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So,
we'll do just a quick demo of this, and
then we'll get to our,
we'll at least talk about the challenge
before we get to our delicious food.
We'll see.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So where is,
view encapsulation, okay.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
what you can see here, we have two H1
tags in the parent component,
it is red and
in the child component it is green,
how is that happening?
Well, in my.Component.TS we're saying
H1 is green and it's being emulated.
So it is basically saying, okay,
we are going to add this dynamically
generated style and
it's going to generate this on the fly.
Now if we go back here and
we go to
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: MyComponent and
we set this to None.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I think it's actually,
I got my casing wrong here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: You can see that by
setting that style, it's not only affected
the parent component but
it's actually affected the entire page.
Except for this one.
Interestingly enough.
So it's actually saying, I'm gonna go out
and I'm gonna basically blow this out.
But in the parent component,
because we have
its own encapsulation, so
if I went here to none.
Let's see what happens.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So this is interesting
that [COUGH] this one is blowing it out,
but then this one is going
down to the child component.
>> Speaker 4: Is that because
of the important statement?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I believe so,
so let's see if we take this off.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
let's go here and see what native does.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Did I break something?
Let me see.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: That is weird.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's
go back to emulated.
Let's go back into our child component.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's
just reset this real quick.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Everything is
back to normal, red and green.
So I am interested in why-
>> Speaker 4: Maybe when it's,
when you're doing, nevermind-
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So I'm not
going to fret about this, I'm certainly
not going to let it ruin my lunch.
But I did think it was interesting that
the child component when I set it to none,
was actually reaching out across, outside
of the parent component and setting it but
the parent component wasn't getting set.
But then once I changed
the parent component
that the child component
styles was still taking.
But then the parent component
was being applied to the child.
So that is a mystery that I will probably
ponder well into my chicken kabobs.
>> Speaker 4: I think
the child style tag is
prior to the parent style tag.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: In terms of
how it's being loaded to the page?
>> Speaker 4: Yeah.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
>> Speaker 4: That seems like
what would be causing it.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Set this to none.
Let's see and to shed some light on this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Expect,
let's see if we got a
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yeah, so I'd wager
that is what is happening, and so you can
see that it's actually adding in styles.
And it's an order issue and
this is why this is in the top one,
that's specific to
the parent component but
here's it's a general,
kind of a stylized thing.
>> Speaker 4: And I think if you
set the parent to none as well,
I think then,
that it would put those style tags.
At least, I'm making an assumption.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I think it'd be
interesting to see if the order is
affecting where it's saying like red is
the first because it's the parent and
then green is second because it's the
child and it's actually overwriting that.
>> Speaker 4: Rendered h1.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yep.
So interesting that, if you have
conflicting styles, simple cuz it's
gonna put it in the page from parent
to child, then you can override.
>> Speaker 4: Override now, though, right?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
I bet, these are both red.
>> Speaker 4: And they both have
that extra class of .render.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yes, but because we're
setting this general h1 tag on the child
component, it's being added to the DOM.
And so it's setting everything
else to green because it's
just this generic h1 tag,
so do keep that in mind.
This would bite me probably,
at least once, or twice.
I could see see this, somebody being like,
what is going on here?
How come I'm stating the style here,
and it's going outside of it?
Or, I'm expecting this to cascade down,
and it's not.
If you run into that, the solution is
to jump into and if your head tag, and
see like how are these
styles being applied?
And obviously overwriting an H1
tag I think is irresponsible,
shame on me, I should've never done that,
but there we go.
So, a bit of a fun experiment on that.